feat: new synthesizer separates assets out per CDK application (#24430)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/@aws-cdk/app-staging-synthesizer-alpha/README.md

> As this library is `experimental`, the accompanying Bootstrap Stack is not yet implemented. To use this
> library right now, you must reuse roles that have been traditionally bootstrapped.

## Synthesizer

To use this library, supply the `AppStagingSynthesizer` in as the default synthesizer to the app.
This will ensure that a Staging Stack will be created next to the CDK App to hold the staging resources.

`AppStagingSynthesizer` comes with static methods covering the use-cases for the synthesizer. 

### Using the Default Staging Stack per Environment

The most common use case will be to use the built-in default resources. In this scenario, the
synthesizer will create a new Staging Stack in each environment the CDK App is deployed to store
its staging resources. To use this kind of synthesizer, use `AppStagingSynthesizer.defaultResources()`.

```ts
const app = new App({
  defaultStackSynthesizer: AppStagingSynthesizer.defaultResources({
    appId: 'my-app-id',
  }),
});
```

Every CDK App that uses the `DefaultStagingStack` must include an `appId`. This should
be an identifier unique to the app and is used to differentiate staging resources associated
with the app.

> ### Using a Custom Staging Stack per Environment

Reviewer: Probably put the content about 'escaping from the straitjacket' below the 'customizing the straitjacket' content.

const app = new App({
  defaultStackSynthesizer: AppStagingSynthesizer.customResources({
    resources,
  }),
});
```

## Default Staging Stack

The Default Staging Stack includes all the staging resources necessary for CDK Assets. The below example
is of a CDK App using the `AppStagingSynthesizer` and creating a file asset for the Lambda Function
source code. As part of the `DefaultStagingStack`, an S3 bucket and IAM role will be created that will be
used to upload the asset to S3.

```ts
const app = new App({
  defaultStackSynthesizer: AppStagingSynthesizer.defaultResources({ appId: 'my-app-id' }),
});

const stack = new Stack(app, 'my-stack');

new lambda.Function(stack, 'lambda', {
  code: lambda.AssetCode.fromAsset(path.join(__dirname, 'assets')),
  handler: 'index.handler',
  runtime: lambda.Runtime.PYTHON_3_9,
});

app.synth();
```

### Custom Roles

You can customize some or all of the roles you'd like to use in the synthesizer as well,
if all you need is to supply custom roles (and not change anything else in the `DefaultStagingStack`):

```ts
const app = new App({
  defaultStackSynthesizer: AppStagingSynthesizer.defaultResources({
    appId: 'my-app-id',

>     deploymentRoles: DeploymentIdentities.specifyRoles({

Reviewer: Don't forget to change the property name as well

These credentials must have the ability to perform CloudFormation calls,
lookup resources in your account, and perform CloudFormation deployment.
For a full list of what is necessary, see `LookupRole`, `DeploymentActionRole`,
and `CloudFormationExecutionRole` in the
[bootstrap template](https://github.com/aws/aws-cdk/blob/main/packages/aws-cdk/lib/api/bootstrap/bootstrap-template.yaml).

```ts
const app = new App({
  defaultStackSynthesizer: AppStagingSynthesizer.defaultResources({
    appId: 'my-app-id',
    deploymentRoles: DeploymentIdentities.cliCredentials(),
  }),
});
```

The default staging stack will create roles to publish to the S3 bucket and ECR repositories,
assumable by the deployment role. You can also specify an existing IAM role for the
`fileAssetPublishingRole` or `imageAssetPublishingRole`:

```ts
const app = new App({
  defaultStackSynthesizer: AppStagingSynthesizer.defaultResources({
    appId: 'my-app-id',
    fileAssetPublishingRole: BootstrapRole.fromRoleArn('arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/S3Access'), 
    imageAssetPublishingRole: BootstrapRole.fromRoleArn('arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/ECRAccess'),
  }),
});
```

> ### Ephemeral S3 Assets

Reviewer: I still prefer the term "handoff", no? Do you disagree?

Author: discussed and will be using the term `deployTime` instead

> Some assets that get put into the staging S3 Bucket are ephemeral - they are only necessary
> during CloudFormation deployment and not after. As long as you know what assets are ephemeral,
> you can tag them as such and they will be marked with an `handoff/` prefix when they are staged.
> This allows configuration of a lifecycle rule specifically for ephemeral assets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two types of assets: 

* Assets used only during deployment. These are used to hand off a large piece of data to another service, that will make a private copy of that data. After deployment, the asset is only necessary for a potential future rollback. 
* Assets accessed throughout the running life time of the application.

Examples of assets that are only using for handoff are CloudFormation Templates, and Lambda Code bundles. Examples of assets accessed throughout the life time of the application are for example script files downloaded to 
run in a CodeBuild Project, or on EC2 instance startup. ECR images are always application life-time assets.

S3 handoff assets are stored with a `handoff/` prefix, and a lifecycle rule will collect them after a configurable number of days.
```
